Difference between Go and Java:

1.	Go is a procedural and concurrent programing language with handful of libraries whereas java is an object-oriented programming language with many more libraries.
2.	Go does not support classes with constructors and deconstructos while java supports them.
3.	Go is away from semicolons at the end of lines and does not require parenthesis and brackets whereas java uses them in the code.
4.	Go does not contain while and do-while statements as java
5.	Go does not use any virtual machine for compiling the code as java uses the Java Virtual Machine (JVM). Therefore, Go surpasses java in performance.
6.	Go does not provide exception handling instead it used errors. Java supports exception handling.
7.	Go language programs are much more compact than java language programs.
8.	Go does not support implicit type conversion as java supports.


Difference between Go and Python:

1.	Go is a statistically typed language where python is the dynamically typed language.
2.	Go uses compiler, Python uses interpreter.
3.	Go supports concurrency, python does not contain any inbuilt concurrency mechanism.
4.	Go is better than python in performance as python takes longer time to convert the code.
5.	As Go is a strictly compiled language, It takes lot of time to write large code whereas python can minimizes it by writing few lines of code.
6.	Go lacks the generic functions which allows us to minimizes the footprint of functions. So it is lack of code reusability.

Difference between uint and int:

Int stands for signed integer and uint stands for unsigned integer.
The first byte is used for sign (+ or - ) for int.
There is no specific byte for uint. 
The limits for uint and int are :
Uint : 0 to 4294967295
Int : -2147483648 to 2147483647


Advantages and Disadvantages of Go:

Advantages:
1.	It is fast.
2.	It is easy to learn and well scaled.
3.	Comes with built-in  testing tool.
4.	Compiled directly into machine code.
5.	Open source by nature.


Disadvantages :
1.	A young language, so its still developing.
2.	Error handling isn’t perfect.
3.	Absence of manual memory management and lack of it lead to overhead of garbage collection.
4.	As it does not have virtual machine, it is time consuming.

      















